more and more fast-growing B2B tech
companies are leveraging YouTube ads as
a key channel in their go to market
strategy if you're looking for a CRM
you're secure writing's not that easy
but a broken website isn't all I'm
Sylvia Perez and in today's video we're
going to discuss the pros and cons of
YouTube ads for B2B let's get into it
now people go to YouTube because they
want to be educated or entertained and
with over 2.2 billion active monthly
users that makes YouTube the second
largest social media platform in the
World Behind Facebook and according to
LinkedIn marketing Solutions the demand
for video is growing projected to be the
largest area of content marketing
investment at 69 with that being said
it's easy to see why more B2B companies
are leveraging YouTube ads as a key
piece of their Channel mix Pro number
one of using YouTube ads for B2B is
Media cost Have You Ever Seen Those ads
where you have to wait at least five
seconds before you can skip them those
are called trueview in stream ads and if
you don't watch at least 30 seconds of
that video ad The Advertiser doesn't pay
so unless you watch 30 seconds it's free
Impressions and it's free branding now
most folks will actually skip your ad at
five seconds which is amazing because
you're not paying for it and if somebody
does watch at least 30 seconds of your
video ad the average cost per view on
YouTube is between 10 and 30 cents per
view and that's somebody that's watched
at least 30 seconds of your video ad and
if your video ad happens to be less than
30 seconds they would have to watch the
entire video in order for you to be
charged so you can get a ton of
Impressions at very cost effective rates
making YouTube ads a blue ocean of
opportunity compared to cost on other
channels the second Pro for using
YouTube ads for B2B is direct response
YouTube ads can be great at driving
direct conversions with an average
click-through rate of 0.65 percent for a
good ad and two percent Plus for a great
ad now compare that to other channels
that are commonly used for Branding in
B2B such as display where the average
click-through rate would range from 0.1
percent on the low end and 0.5 percent
on the high end so that means with
YouTube ads you're getting better
visibility and better engagement for
Less cost now to add on to that YouTube
is also amazing at driving what is known
as the halo effect meaning folks who see
your YouTube ads most of the people will
not convert right away if you have a two
percent click-through rate that means 98
of the people are never interacting with
your ad but those people who see your ad
oftentimes what you'll notice after
running YouTube ads for a period of time
is you start to notice your organic
traffic lifts your direct traffic lifts
and then your branded paid search
campaigns start to get more impression
share as well because more volume starts
to pick up because a lot of the people
will see your ads they won't click right
away and then they'll go look you up
other places so the halo effect is real
with YouTube ads and it's definitely
something you need to consider if you're
running YouTube ad campaigns so you
don't pause them prematurely the next
Pro of YouTube ads is retargeting since
Google owns YouTube you can actually
connect your YouTube channel to your
Google ads account and be able to create
remarketing audiences based on the
people who interact with your YouTube
videos so for example here in the
audience manager in Google ads if I
click on the filter section and I filter
by YouTube users you can see we have all
these different video view audiences
that I've created based on YouTube
interactions so for example if I click
on the plus sign here you're going to
see the ability to create audiences of
people who have interacted with your
YouTube channel or videos if you click
on YouTube users
it's going to pull in your YouTube
channel so in this case it's my channel
here and then I can segment all the
members based on these different actions
so anybody that's viewed any video from
my channel viewed certain videos viewed
a video as an ad from a channel so for
example if you're running YouTube in
stream ads and you want to retarget
people that have actually viewed your
in-stream ads across Google search
Google display
you can do that with this option here
viewed certain videos as ads so you can
get more a little bit more specific
anybody that subscribed to your YouTube
channel ideally those people know like
and trust you if they visited your
channel page liked a video added or
shared so all of these different
interactions for you to be able to
create a remarketing audience based on
people that have actually engaged with
the YouTube channel which is oftentimes
some of the most engaged audience
members you'll ever have as they're
spending a lot of the time on the
YouTube platform consuming your content
and when it comes to actual membership
durations you can create some pretty
large duration audiences here so you can
go up to 540 days for a membership
duration and really be able to pick up
activity more than a year in terms of
interactions with YouTube channel so
once you actually go ahead and create
the audiences here it's gonna match and
you're going to see it here as an option
for you to use whether that's on YouTube
search display or even Gmail campaigns
you can layer in these video views audio
chances to be able to you know use it
for bid adjustments to be layered it as
an observation audience or to layer it
exclusively on top of your search
campaigns if the you know the audience
size is large enough to be a little bit
more personalized a little bit more
filtered in terms of bidding on let's
say some certain keywords you could also
use this video views audiences to just
personalize your ad copy if you're using
something like an if statement and being
able to dynamically change your headline
one or two based on people that have
matched with this audience so a lot of
different use cases here and remarketing
is one of the other huge pros of using
YouTube ads I hope you're finding the
video valuable so far if you wanted more
content around B2B advertising then go
ahead and check out adconversion.com and
subscribe to the newsletter and get sent
two to three actionable tips every
single week over a thousand plus B2B
marketers have already joined and I
would absolutely love to have you there
with that let's get back into the video
now everything has a downside let's get
into the cons of using YouTube ads for
B2B the first con of YouTube ads for B2B
is targeting now as B2B marketers we are
usually only focused on a very specific
ICP or a specific ICP that happens to
work in certain companies if we have an
ABM motion so by Nature we have a very
limited Universe which puts us puts us
at a disadvantage compared to b2c
advertisers who usually have a much
larger universe now with Google's out of
the box targeting capabilities it's not
as good as something as let's say a
LinkedIn ads where they support multiple
pharmacographic targeting capabilities
even the ability to just upload a CSV
list of you know company names and
domains for an ABM motion with Google
they do not have that so for example if
we want a Target based on job titles job
functions job seniorities those
different firmographic capabilities are
not supported natively through Google
ads now there are workarounds you can do
using like third-party tools to import
data and then use that as like a custom
segment four workarounds on B2B
targeting and I can do a whole separate
video on just B2B targeting with YouTube
ads if you're interested in that drop a
comment down below but just taking a
look at what audiences Google does
support out of the box we can see we
have detailed demographics Affinity
audiences which is based on interests
and habits in Market audiences which is
what they're actively researching or
planning and then any custom audiences
in terms of like first party data so if
I click onto this you can see web visits
YouTube visitors and then also customer
lists and then the last one here is
custom segments which used to be known
as custom intent and custom affinity and
they combine them together this is
essentially like in-market audiences but
you can get a lot more specific on what
you want to build this audience off of
which is actually a really good one to
test
so just taking a look at the
firmographic capabilities out of the box
here that Google offers we can see if we
drop down here to employment it's
company size and Industry and if I click
on the company size here they Define
company size as a small employer of 1 to
249 employees large is 250 to 10 000 and
then very large is ten thousand plus now
this may or not may not serve certain
companies for example some companies
Define emerging as much less than 250
employees mid-market definitely 250 to
10 000 is a massive jump and a lot of
companies Define mid-market as let's say
like 250 to a thousand employees and
then for them Enterprise would be one
thousand to three thousand so we don't
have a lot of flexibility here in terms
of company sizes that we can you know
filter our targeting to be able to go
after same goes for industry if I click
on industry here you can see it's just
at a very high level the different
industries that they support So
construction and education
cetera but if we had a sub industry
within a much larger vertical that we
wanted to go after Google doesn't
necessarily offer that level of detailed
targeting that B2B marketers really
crave and need as we are going after
that fixed Universe with YouTube ads you
want to keep your view rate low and your
seats here are high because remember you
only pay if somebody watches 30 seconds
and your ad itself your video has to act
as a qualifier so you want people who
are not a good fit to skip your ad so
you don't get charged anything and for
those that are a good fit to keep
listening which leads us to con number
two video creative now with strap
content marketing teams barely hanging
on as it is asking them to give you
video creative can seem like an
intramountable task now you don't need
highly produced creative with actors in
a studio and thousands of dollars worth
of equipment to get started with YouTube
ads and let alone have success with
YouTube ads here here is a great example
from Lucia that is just leveraging stock
footage and great editing and a
voiceover to be able to run an effective
YouTube ad
tired of cold calling
introducing Lucia the easiest most
accurate way to prospect if you want
more videos on how to create killer
YouTube ads that convert let me know in
the comments section down below and I'll
add it to my list of future video topics
I hope you got tremendous value out of
this video if you can give it a thumbs
up that'll help me out a ton subscribe
to the channel for future uploads and go
ahead and check out these two videos
here as I know you're going to get a ton
from it again if you want more practical
content around B2B advertising then
check out adconversion.com and subscribe
for two to three actionable tips every
single week I hope you got a ton of the
video I know I had a lot of fun filming
it and I'll see you in the next one take
care